DOC-12561 Continuous backup PITR (#4138)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/manage/pages/manage-backup-and-restore/manage-continuous-backup.adoc

= Manage Continuous Backup

> :description: pass:q[This topic describes how to configure continuous backup to frequently back up the data in your Magma buckets.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: pass:q[Configure continuous backups to frequently back up the data in your Magma buckets.]
```

> :enterprise-only:

Reviewer: Same comment about the attribute from the previous topic.

:toclevels: 3

[abstract]
{description}

> See xref:learn:services-and-indexes/services/continuous-backup.adoc[] for an overview of continuous backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about continuous backups, see xref:learn:services-and-indexes/services/continuous-backup.adoc[].
```

== Prerequisites

Before configuring continuous backup, your cluster must meet the following requirements:

* Your Couchbase Server account must have the xref:learn:security/roles.adoc#full-admin[Full Admin] or xref:learn:security/roles.adoc#backup-full-admin[Backup Full Admin] role.

> * It must have 1 or more Magma buckets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your cluster has 1 or more Magma buckets. 
```

Continuous backup relies on Magma's change history feature to back up individual mutations.
You cannot use it on Couchstore buckets. 

> Couchstore buckets can still be backed up and restored using the periodic full and incremental backups. 

Reviewer: Again, can we link to info about bucket types?

* Verify that all of the system clocks in your cluster are synchronized.

> See xref:install:synchronize-clocks-using-ntp.adoc[] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:install:synchronize-clocks-using-ntp.adoc[].
```

* You must configure scheduled periodic backups using either the Backup Service or `cbbackupmgr`. 
Point In Time Recovery (PITR) uses the full and incremental backups taken just before the point in time you're restoring to.

> It restores these backups and then uses the data stored in the continuous backup to fill the gap between the previous intermittent backup and the point in time you're recovering to.

Reviewer: This is a lot of information to put into a prerequisite - are you sure you need these two lines?

> See xref:manage:manage-backup-and-restore/manage-backup-and-restore.adoc[] to learn how to configure intermittent backups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about how to configure the required intermittent backups, see xref:manage:manage-backup-and-restore/manage-backup-and-restore.adoc[].
```

+
NOTE: To be able to perform a PITR, your periodic backups and continuous backups must overlap. 

> See xref:manage:manage-backup-and-restore/manage-pitr.adoc#backup-overlap[Prerequisites] section of xref:manage:manage-backup-and-restore/manage-pitr.adoc[] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the xref:manage:manage-backup-and-restore/manage-pitr.adoc#backup-overlap[Prerequisites] section of xref:manage:manage-backup-and-restore/manage-pitr.adoc[].
```

* You must have a shared location where continuous backup can store its backup data. 
All nodes in the cluster must be able to reach this location.
It can be a shared filesystem, such as an NFS share.

> You can also use cloud-based storage hosted by Amazon S3, Microsoft Azure Blob Storage, and Google's Cloud Storage.

Reviewer: You covered this in your overview - can you just link to that explanation rather than making this prerequisite so long and dense?

+
Whatever location you choose, it must be empty of existing files and dedicated to continuous backup.
You can use the same storage location to store continuous backups for multiple buckets. 

> Using the same location makes performing a PITR on multiple buckets easier, as you can use the same commands to restore multiple buckets. 

Reviewer: Same point about this chunk of info - this is a lot for what's supposed to be a short list.

* If you're using cloud-based storage for your continuous backup location, you must add its authentication credentials to the Couchbase Server credential store.
You must also grant the backup service access to these credentials. 
See Credential Store for more information.

// FIXME: add link to credential store docs once written.

* If you have enabled encryption at rest for the bucket's data that you're backing up, you must supply continuous backup with access to a https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Key_management#Key_management_system[Key Management System^] (KMS).
It uses the KMS to encrypt the encryption at rest Data Access Keys (DEKs) it needs to decrypt the data during PITR.

> If you have configured a KMS to encrypt keys for traditional periodic backup, you can reuse those credentials for continuous backup.

Reviewer: Again, this is a lot for a short bullet list.

Author: Trimmed and just linked back to the concept doc.

> See xref:learn:security/native-encryption-at-rest-overview.adoc[] for more information about encryption at rest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about encryption at rest, see xref:learn:security/native-encryption-at-rest-overview.adoc[].
```

== Configure Bucket Change History for Continuous Backup

> The continuous backup feature relies on the bucket having change history enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The continuous backup feature relies on your bucket having change history enabled.
```

Therefore, before you enable continuous backup, you must verify that the bucket's `historyRetentionCollectionDefault` setting is `true`.

> You also must verify that no collection overrides the bucket's change history setting.

Reviewer: This would be a prerequisite, no?

Author: That's now part of the bucket setup subsection.

You must also configure the bucket so that it keeps its change history long enough for continuous backup to save it to the storage location.

> This period is either 15 minutes or twice the continuous backup interval, whichever is greater.

Reviewer: Again, prerequisite? 

Or at least turn these two points into a little procedure in its own section, like "Set Up Your Bucket for Continuous Backup"

> See xref:learn:data/scopes-and-collections.adoc#change-history[Change History] for more information about Magma's change history feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about change history on Magma buckets, see xref:learn:data/scopes-and-collections.adoc#change-history[Change History].
```

     | .name as $scope 
     | .collections[] 
     | select(.history == false) 
     | {scope: $scope, collection: .name, history: .history}'
```

+
Any collections that have overrides appear in the output.
For example:

+
[source,json]
```
{
  "scope": "inventory",
  "collection": "airline",
  "history": false
}
{
  "scope": "tenant_agent_01",
  "collection": "bookings",
  "history": false
}
```

. If any collections have overrides, edit them to change their `history` setting to `true`.
The following example sets the history setting for the `airline` collection in the `inventory` scope to `true`.

+
[source,bash]
```
curl -s -X PATCH -u $USERNAME:$PASSWORD \
     http://node1.example.com:8091/pools/default/buckets/travel-sample/scopes/inventory/collections/airline \
     -d history=true
```

+
After editing the collections that had overrides, re-run step 3 to verify that no collection overrides the bucket's setting.

. You must set the history retention time for the bucket to a period long enough for continuous backup to collect and save the bucket's history to the backup location.
This period is 15 minutes or double the continuous backup interval, whichever is longer.

> For example, if you chose 10 minutes for your continuous backup interval, set the retention time to at least 20 minutes.

Reviewer: I'm a little unsure about this because we haven't actually asked them to configure their continuous backup interval yet. Maybe we should have something in the prerequisites, like "Choose the backup interval for your continuous backups"? Spitballing, but it feels a little clunky like this.

+
The following example sets the `travel-sample` bucket's history retention to 20 minutes (1200 seconds).

+
[source,bash]
```
curl -s POST -u $USERNAME:$PASSWORD \
     http://node1.example.com:8091/pools/default/buckets/travel-sample \
     -d historyRetentionSeconds=1200
```

== Configure Continuous Backup

> You can configure continuous backup using the Couchbase Server Web Console, the command line interface, or the REST API.

Reviewer: Since the procedures are long, can we turn each of these into a link to the specific section for the instructions for that method?

=== Configure Continuous Backup Using the Web Console

. Ic creating a new bucket, click  menu:Buckets[Add Bucket].  

> If editing an existing bucket, click *Buckets*, expand an existing bucket, and click *Edit*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Do 1 of the following: 
* To create a new bucket, click menu:Buckets[Add Bucket].  
* To edit an existing bucket, click *Buckets*, expand an existing bucket, and click *Edit*.
```

> . Click *Advanced Bucket Settings* to expand the bucket settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To expand the bucket settings, click *Advanced Bucket Settings*.
```

. Under *Continuous Backup*, select *Enable*.
. Enter the location to store the continuous backup data. 
  This is either:
  * An absolute path to the mount point of a shared network storage location such as an NFS share.
  This mount point must be the same on all nodes.
  * The cloud storage URI for the storage location.
. Set how frequently continuous backup saves data to the storage location in minutes. 
Remember that if you use a cloud storage location, a lower setting for this value can often result in greater cost due to per-access charges.

> The minimum value is 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum value is `2`.
```

. Set the number of hours Couchbase Server should retain the continuous backup data, 
This value controls the window where you can restore to a point in time. 
If you use the cloud as a backup storage location, a higher setting results in higher data storage charges. 

> . If you entered a cloud storage URI for the Backup Location, choose the credential from the credential store for the Backup Service to use when authenticating with the cloud provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you entered a cloud storage URI for the *Backup Location*, choose the credential from the credential store for the Backup Service to use when authenticating with the cloud provider.
```

Make sure you have granted access to Backup Service for this credential.
. If you have enabled encryption at rest for the data in the bucket, enter the URI for the KMS Key.
Valid URIs start with `awskms`, `azurekeyvault`, or `gcpkms`.

=== Configure Continuous Backup Using the REST API

You can enable continuous backup when creating a bucket or editing it via the REST-API.

Whether you're creating a new bucket or editing an existing bucket, make a POST call to the `/pools/default/buckets/<bucket-name>` REST API endpoint.

> Set the following:

Reviewer: I'm wondering if this part should be a table with "Setting", "Description", "Example" instead of a list?

Author: I don't like the idea of a table where one of the columns will have very long strings of monospace literal text (the parameter names). That results in either a huge column because the browser doesn't wrap the monospace text or it wraps weirdly.  It also tends to waste a lot of screen space because the argument name and example are usually a lot shorter than the description, which gets squeezed into a too-narrow column.

I'll reformat to using a definition list, which is what I've been using in the REST API.

This value sets how far back in time you can use point-in-time recovery (PITR).
* If you have enabled encryption at rest for the bucket, you must supply 1 of the following:
** `continuousBackupKmKeyUrl`: The URI for the KMS key the Backup Service uses to manage the encryption key it uses to encrypt data encryption keys. 
    This URI must start with `awskms`, `azurekeyvault`, or `gcpkms`.
** `continuousBackupKmCredId`: the name of a credential in the Couchbase Server credential store that grants the Backup Service access to a KMS to manage its encryption keys.
   
The following example enables continuous backup for `travel-sample` bucket. 
It sets the backup interval to 10 minutes.
The backup location is an NFS share mounted at `/shared/continuous-backup` on all nodes.

[source,bash]
```
include::manage:example$continuous-backup.sh[tag=enable-travel-sample]
```

See xref:rest-api:rest-bucket-create.adoc[] for details about editing bucket settings using the REST API.

=== Enable Continuous Backup Using the Command Line

Use the `couchbase-cli` tool's `bucket create` or `bucket-edit` command to change the continuous backup settings for the bucket.

> Use the following arguments to configure continuous backup:

Reviewer: Same thing, change this to a table instead of a bullet list?

* If you have enabled encryption at rest for the bucket, you must supply both of the following:
** `--continuous-backup-km-key-url`: The URI for the KMS key the Backup Service uses to manage the encryption key it uses to encrypt data encryption keys. 
    This URI must start with `awskms`, `azurekeyvault`, or `gcpkms`.
** `--continuous-backup-km-cred`: the name of a credential in the Couchbase Server credential store that grants the Backup Service access to a KMS to manage its encryption keys.

The following example enables continuous backup on the `travel-sample` bucket. 
It sets the backup interval to 10 minutes and the retention period to 270 hours (11.25 days).
The backup location is an NFS share mounted at `/shared/continuous-backup` on all nodes.

[source,bash]
```
couchbase-cli bucket-edit --cluster couchbase://node1.example.com \
              --username $USERNAME \
              --password $PASSWORD \
              --bucket travel-sample \
              --continuous-backup-enabled 1 \
              --continuous-backup-location /shared/continuous-backup \
              --continuous-backup-interval 10 \
              --continuous-backup-retention-period 270
```

> See the documentation for the `couchbase-cli` tool's xref:cli:cbcli/couchbase-cli-bucket-create.adoc[] and xref:cli:cbcli/couchbase-cli-bucket-edit.adoc[] commands for more information about creating and editing buckets using the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about how to create and edit buckets using the command line, see `couchbase-cli` tool's xref:cli:cbcli/couchbase-cli-bucket-create.adoc[] and xref:cli:cbcli/couchbase-cli-bucket-edit.adoc[] commands.
```

[#stop-continuous-backup]
== Stop Continuous Backup

Once enabled, you can stop continuous backup for a bucket.
You must stop continuous backup before you do a PITR to prevent a backup from occurring during the restore.
You may also want to stop it to preserve the PITR recovery window that's currently in the continuous backup location. 

You can turn off continuous backup using the Couchbase Server Web Console, REST API, or command line:

> Using the Couchbase Server Web Console::

Reviewer: I would personally set this to a tabbed block if you're going to go this route, and not just use headings like previously.

+
. Click *Buckets*.
. Click the entry for the bucket.
. Click *Edit*.
. Click *Advanced bucket settings* to expand the settings.
. Under *Continuous Backup*, deselect *Enabled*.
. Click *Save Changes*.

Using the REST API::
Make a POST call to the `/pools/default/buckets/<bucket-name>` endpoint to set `continuousBackupEnabled` to `false`.
For example, to turn off continuous backup for the `travel-sample` bucket, use this command:

+
[source,bash]
```
curl -X POST localhost:8091/pools/default/buckets/travel-sample \
     -u $USERNAME:$PASSWORD \
     -d continuousBackupEnabled=false
```

Using the Command Line Interface::
Use the `couchbase-cli` tools' `bucket-edit` command with the argument `--continuous-backup-enabled 0`:

+
[source,bash]
```
couchbase-cli bucket-edit --cluster couchbase://node1.example.com \
              --username $USERNAME --password $PASSWORD \
              --bucket travel-sample \
              --continuous-backup-enabled 0

> ```

Reviewer: No Next Steps?

= Manage Continuous Backup
:description: pass:q[This topic describes how to configure continuous backup to frequently back up the data in your Magma buckets.]
:enterprise-only:
:toclevels: 3

[abstract]
{description}
See xref:learn:services-and-indexes/services/continuous-backup.adoc[] for an overview of continuous backup.

== Prerequisites

Before configuring continuous backup, your cluster must meet the following requirements:

* Your Couchbase Server account must have the xref:learn:security/roles.adoc#full-admin[Full Admin] or xref:learn:security/roles.adoc#backup-full-admin[Backup Full Admin] role.

* It must have 1 or more Magma buckets. 
Continuous backup relies on Magma's change history feature to back up individual mutations.
You cannot use it on Couchstore buckets. 
Couchstore buckets can still be backed up and restored using the traditional full and incremental backups. 

* Verify that all of the system clocks in your cluster are synchronized.
See xref:install:synchronize-clocks-using-ntp.adoc[] for more information.

> * You must configure scheduled periodic backups using either the Backup Service or `cbbackupmgr`. 

Reviewer 2: Can we mention that it takes a backup interval before continuous backup uploads any data. Because your cbbackupmgr backups and continuous backups must overlap, that means you need to wait a backup interval, then do a cbbackupmgr backup before continuous is ready to use

Author: This seems like a better fit for the PITR requirements, so I'll spell it out there. I'll add a mention about the backup requirement both in the continuous backup requirements and at the end of the enabling process and point them to the PITR document for the details.

Question: does this have to be a full backup, or is it enough to have an incremental backup taken after continuous backup starts saving data?

Reviewer 2: Thanks, agreed on it being better in requirements. In answer to your question, an incremental taken afterwards works just fine.

     | .collections[] 
     | select(.history == false) 
     | {scope: $scope, collection: .name, history: .history}'
```

+
Any collections that have overrides appear in the output.
For example:

+
[source,json]
```
{
  "scope": "inventory",
  "collection": "airline",
  "history": false
}
{
  "scope": "tenant_agent_01",
  "collection": "bookings",
  "history": false
}
```

. If any collections have overrides, edit them to change their `history` setting to `true`.
The following example sets the history setting for the `airline` collection in the `inventory` scope to `true`.

+
[source,bash]
```
curl -s -X PATCH -u $COUCHBASE_USERNAME:$COUCHBASE_PASSWORD \
     http://node1.example.com:8091/pools/default/buckets/travel-sample/scopes/inventory/collections/airline \
     -d history=true
```

+
After editing the collections that had overrides, re-run step 3 to verify that no collection overrides the bucket's setting.

. You must set the history retention time for the bucket to a period long enough for continuous backup to collect and save the bucket's history to the backup location.
This period is 15 minutes or double the continuous backup interval, whichever is longer.

> For example, if you chose 10 minutes for your continuous backup interval, set the retention time to 20 minutes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if you chose 10 minutes for your continuous backup interval, set the retention time to at least 20 minutes.
```

. Enter the location to store the continuous backup data. 
  This is either:
  * An absolute path to the mount point of a shared network storage location such as an NFS share.
  This mount point must be the same on all nodes.
  * The cloud storage URI for the storage location.
. Set how frequently continuous backup saves data to the storage location in minutes. 
Remember that if you use a cloud storage location, a lower settings for this value can often result in greater cost due to per-access charges.
The minimum value is 2.
. Set the number of hours Couchbase Server should retain the continuous backup data, 
This value controls the window where you can restore to a point in time. 
If you use the cloud as a backup storage location, a higher setting results in higher data storage charges. 
. If you entered a cloud storage URI for the Backup Location, choose the credential from the credential store for the Backup Service to use when authenticating with the cloud provider.
Make sure you have granted access to Backup Service for this credential.
. If you have enabled encryption at rest for the data in the bucket, enter the URI for the KMS Key.

> Valid URIs start with `awskms`, `azurekeyvalue`, or `gcpkms`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Valid URIs start with `awskms`, `azurekeyvault`, or `gcpkms`.
```

You must grant the Backup Service access to this credential.
* `continuousBackupInterval`: How frequently, in minutes, the Backup Service copies data to the continuous backup location.
When using a cloud-based storage location, lower settings for this value result in higher per-access costs.
* `continuousBackupRetentionPeriod`: the number of hours the Backup Service keeps the continuous backup data before purging it. 
This value sets how far back in time you can use point-in-time recovery (PITR).
* If you have enabled encryption at rest for the bucket, you must supply 1 of the following:
** `continuousBackupKmKeyUrl`: The URI for the KMS key the Backup Service uses to manage the encryption key it uses to encrypt data encryption keys. 
    This URI must start with `awskms`, `azurekeyvalue`, or `gcpkms`.
** `continuousBackupKmCredId`: the name of a credential in the Couchbase Server credential store that grants the Backup Service access to a KMS to manage its encryption keys.
   
The following example enables continuous backup for `travel-sample` bucket. 
It sets the backup interval to 10 minutes.

> The backup location is an NFS share mounted on each not at the path `/shared.continuous-backup`.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure what this sentence is saying

Author: I typoed the path, for one thing. I've just copied the similar sentence from the CLI example which is clearer.

[source,bash]
```
curl -X POST localhost:8091/pools/default/buckets/travel-sample \
     -u $COUCHBASE_USERNAME:$COUCHBASE_PASSWORD \
     -d continuousBackupEnabled=true \
     -d continuousBackupLocation="/shared/continuous-backup" \
     -d continuousBackupInterval=10 
```

See xref:rest-api:rest-bucket-create.adoc[] for details about editing bucket settings using the REST API.

=== Enable Continuous Backup Using the Command Line

Use the `couchbase-cli` tool's `bucket create` or `bucket-edit` command to change the continuous backup settings for the bucket.

Use the following arguments to configure continuous backup:

* `--continuous-backup-enabled`: set to `1` to enable continuous backup for the bucket.
* `--continuous-backup-location`: The location where the backup service will store the continuous backup data.
This value must a string containing either an absolute path to an NFS mount point mounted on every node or a cloud storage URI.
* `--continuous-backup-cloud-storage-cred-id`: If you set `--continuous-backup-location` to a cloud storage URI, set this to the name of a credential in the Couchbase Server credential store.

> The Backup Service uses this credential to authenticate with the cloud provider.

Reviewer 2: Let's avoid saying backup service

Author: I've removed this, but left in the reference to the Backup Service when stating you need to grant it access to the credentials for the storage location. That's still correct?

You must also grant the Backup Service access to this credential.
* `--continuous-backup-interval`: How frequently in minutes then Backup Service copies data to the continuous backup location.
When using a cloud-based storage location, lower settings for this value result in higher per-access costs.
* `--continuous-backup-retention-period`: the number of hours the Backup Service keeps the continuous backup data before purging it. 
This value sets how far back in time you can use point-in-time recovery (PITR).
* If you have enabled encryption at rest for the bucket, you must supply 1 of the following:
** `--continuous-backup-km-key-url`: The URI for the KMS key the Backup Service uses to manage the encryption key it uses to encrypt data encryption keys. 
    This URI must start with `awskms`, `azurekeyvalue`, or `gcpkms`.

> ** `--continuous-backup-km-cred=id`: the name of a credential in the Couchbase Server credential store that grants the Backup Service access to a KMS to manage its encryption keys.

Reviewer 2: You have to supply both

```

+
Any collections that have overrides appear in the output.
For example:

+
[source,json]
```
{
  "scope": "inventory",
  "collection": "airline",
  "history": false
}
{
  "scope": "tenant_agent_01",
  "collection": "bookings",
  "history": false
}
```

. If any collections have overrides, edit them to change their `history` setting to `true`.
The following example sets the history setting for the `airline` collection in the `inventory` scope to `true`.

+
[source,bash]
```
curl -s -X PATCH -u $USERNAME:$PASSWORD \
     http://node1.example.com:8091/pools/default/buckets/travel-sample/scopes/inventory/collections/airline \
     -d history=true
```

+
After editing the collections that had overrides, re-run step 3 to verify that no collection overrides the bucket's setting.

. You must set the history retention time for the bucket to a period long enough for continuous backup to collect and save the bucket's history to the backup location.
This period is either 15 minutes or twice the continuous backup interval, whichever is longer.
For example, if you chose 10 minutes for your continuous backup interval, set the retention time to at least 20 minutes.

+

> The following example sets the `travel-sample` bucket's history retention to 20 minutes (1200 seconds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example sets the `travel-sample` bucket's history retention to 20 minutes (1200 seconds):
```

You must grant the Backup Service access to this credential.

`continuousBackupInterval`::
How frequently, in minutes, the Backup Service copies data to the continuous backup location.
When using a cloud-based storage location, lower settings for this value result in higher per-access costs.

`continuousBackupRetentionPeriod`::
The number of hours the Backup Service keeps the continuous backup data before purging it.
This value sets how far back in time you can use point-in-time recovery (PITR).

If you have enabled encryption at rest for the bucket, you must supply both of the following:

`continuousBackupKmKeyUrl`::
The URI for the KMS key the Backup Service uses to manage the encryption key it uses to encrypt data encryption keys.
This URI must start with `awskms`, `azurekeyvault`, or `gcpkms`.

`continuousBackupKmCredId`::
The name of a credential in the Couchbase Server credential store that grants the Backup Service access to a KMS to manage its encryption keys.

The following example enables continuous backup for `travel-sample` bucket.
It sets the backup interval to 10 minutes.

> The backup location is an NFS share mounted at `/shared/continuous-backup` on all nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backup location is an NFS share mounted at `/shared/continuous-backup` on all nodes:
```

You must also grant the Backup Service access to this credential.

`--continuous-backup-interval`::
How frequently in minutes the Backup Service copies data to the continuous backup location.
When using a cloud-based storage location, lower settings for this value result in higher per-access costs.

`--continuous-backup-retention-period`::
The number of hours the Backup Service keeps the continuous backup data before purging it.
This value sets how far back in time you can use point-in-time recovery (PITR).

If you have enabled encryption at rest for the bucket, you must supply both of the following:

`--continuous-backup-km-key-url`::
The URI for the KMS key the Backup Service uses to manage the encryption key it uses to encrypt data encryption keys.
This URI must start with `awskms`, `azurekeyvault`, or `gcpkms`.

`--continuous-backup-km-cred-id`::
The name of a credential in the Couchbase Server credential store that grants the Backup Service access to a KMS to manage its encryption keys.

The following example enables continuous backup on the `travel-sample` bucket.
It sets the backup interval to 10 minutes and the retention period to 270 hours (11.25 days).

> The backup location is an NFS share mounted at `/shared/continuous-backup` on all nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backup location is an NFS share mounted at `/shared/continuous-backup` on all nodes:
```
